Jessica Freeman: Good morning. Morning, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm good, how are you
Jessica Freeman: You know, hanging in there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What you been up to.
Jessica Freeman: Well, this morning I just kind of got into music groove. Um, I listen to my radio show which you know I love and I I dance and I, you know, make a fool of myself in my living room and it's fun.
Jessica Freeman: So they were doing like a throwback. They do Throwback Thursdays really play this game.
Jessica Freeman: Where somebody like they play all these old school, things like just, just a little bit and then they have to guess.
Jessica Freeman: Anyway, they play some some I camera what it was, but it inspired me to listen to that song get myself connected by the stereo MCS in the 90s.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I'm on to Duran Duran and just really enjoying the music this morning.
Jessica Freeman: Good morning my new puzzle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I finally came in.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, all three of them. And I finished one already. And I just tore it up. I finished it yesterday and I tore it apart this morning, and now I'm starting a new one.
Jessica Freeman: You're here, you're a human being, I guess.
Jessica Freeman: This is the Vegas strip
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Holy cow. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I finished that one. And I talked to pray this morning.
Jessica Freeman: And now.
Jessica Freeman: I'm working on this one because I like the beach.
Jessica Freeman: Nice and then I got this one.
Jessica Freeman: Which will be next. And I already need to order some more damn puzzles.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, that's nice. I like that one.
Thanks.
Jessica Freeman: I mean honestly like ravensburger is the best puzzle supplier they have the highest quality and with the coolest stuff, but they're, they're, like, They're sold out or they're not shipping or I couldn't order anything off their website.
Jessica Freeman: Oh wow, I had to like hunt and peck and I looked at Amazon and they didn't have anything good. So I found this place called bits and pieces and they have puzzles and they're shipping, but I just, there's not a ton of them that I liked mean these three that I have
Jessica Freeman: They're not my top choice, but like mine.
Jessica Freeman: And I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about like crosswords or something like that.
Jessica Freeman: Coupon that I like cousins.
Jessica Freeman: I don't know, it's just I don't know it's good, like it. I feel like I've accomplished something.
Jessica Freeman: I just, I like it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you do with them when you're done with them.
Jessica Freeman: Put them away trade them with mom and Bob and sometimes I'll do them again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ah, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Some people like to to hang them up.
Jessica Freeman: There's one that I want to him and
Jessica Freeman: I do
Jessica Freeman: Maybe I i do i have
Jessica Freeman: Or
Jessica Freeman: It's 1000 teeny tiny pieces.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Holy cow.
Jessica Freeman: Like they're so small, like that right there. That's an actual piece size there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Jessica Freeman: Like I put it together twice already.
Jessica Freeman: I got it at the gift shop for the standard. The tram.
Jessica Freeman: And I went with Toby back when it was freezing cold and everything was dead, and now everything is green and alive and it's warm and awesome
Jessica Freeman: Oh, I love it.
Jessica Freeman: And my patio furniture.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, nice.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I can take it apart I that teeny tiny one that I want to hang. It's still together on a piece of cardboard in top of my closet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, nice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what I'd like some
Jessica Freeman: Yeah. Michael's or wherever.
Jessica Freeman: But the glue. Exactly. Bob's done it before. So he's gonna go with me and
Jessica Freeman: You know, show me what to get.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is it sunny in New Mexico today.
Jessica Freeman: It's sunny in New Mexico every day.
Jessica Freeman: Just about me, it's like 310 days a year of sun.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a wonder. I like that.
Jessica Freeman: You do.
Jessica Freeman: Like Kara, nice and warm on the beach there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, no beats. Oh, that's so
Jessica Freeman: I know virtual background, can you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you
Jessica Freeman: When you lean back, I can see your chair.
Like I know right.
Jessica Freeman: Anyway,
Jessica Freeman: So my patio furniture. I got a hell we do, and like I don't have that much space on the back patio. So I wanted to just kind of keep it, you know, real simple and small, so I got three pieces two chairs and when table.
Jessica Freeman: So once Bob came over and like, help me put everything together and I got it out there. I was like, I have more space than I thought. So I actually bought the exact same set like again. So I have now I'll have four chairs and two tables. And so it's modular right
Jessica Freeman: So I need to play two seats.
Jessica Freeman: You know over in this corner with a table or, you know, and the other two over in this corner or I can put the two tables together and put the two chairs together on either side and have like to love seats and a coffee table and everything could move around like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really
Jessica Freeman: It so flexible and it's so cute. You want to see it.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: The second half isn't here yet.
Jessica Freeman: But the first half is here and it's setup and it's like
Jessica Freeman: I was thinking when is the last time I bought a piece of furniture and and I recall like that wasn't discarded, you know, that wasn't given to me that I can get well or garage sale or
Jessica Freeman: Something like that. It was, I was like 19 or 20 years old and I put it on my brother's credit card and I never paid him back.
Jessica Freeman: This is like the only furniture than I had ever gone out and purchased like cuz this is what I want. And I paid for it.
Okay.
Jessica Freeman: Okay. Damn it. Okay, so there's a chair.
Jessica Freeman: This is hard.
Jessica Freeman: And there's like the team.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, that's nice. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I see it.
Jessica Freeman: I love it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's really pretty.
Jessica Freeman: We got. Mm hmm. I'm sitting on my back porch income feet you
Jessica Freeman: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is a huge deal.
Jessica Freeman: To be a grown up now.
Jessica Freeman: I'm a big girl pants on.
Jessica Freeman: Shoes. Shoes.
Jessica Freeman: So my little boy. Oh, it's been a week. Okay.
Jessica Freeman: No, you have to work.
Jessica Freeman: Um,
Jessica Freeman: So on Monday.
Jessica Freeman: School, like I just like I said I was passing on my TV from my phone and watching this news thing and just completely
Jessica Freeman: And then Tuesday, half an hour before school starts
Jessica Freeman: He twisted his ankle and he's I mean he screamed and cried for like an hour and a half, and he wouldn't get up off the couch and I couldn't tell what can you walk on it or I need to take him somewhere.
Jessica Freeman: He wouldn't let me wrap it, he wouldn't let me put ice on it. He wishes inconsolable yeah I'm here.
Jessica Freeman: So we miss school on Tuesday. Come on, and then yesterday.
Jessica Freeman: We went we I'm a tool like we've been doing one on ones with the teacher to get used to.
Jessica Freeman: New everything to keep her
Jessica Freeman: From zoom you know
Jessica Freeman: Right so doing like 10 to 15 minute one on ones for preschool social communication classes and same fans preschool and
Jessica Freeman: Speech therapy which we're actually doing twice a week and
Jessica Freeman: Anyway, so we made it to school yesterday, and he did a fantastic job. Like I was so happy with how he did
Jessica Freeman: But he also like his ear. It's really bothering him like really bad. And there's a bunch of stuff like nasty stuff that's like exploded out of this year now.
Jessica Freeman: I'm not sure what's going on with that because I know that he still had one to his era leftover but I can't remember which year and maybe I don't know but you know I need to get him seen
Jessica Freeman: Yeah. Ever feel good. So yesterday. I mean, he got back up and running and he was pretty cool.
Jessica Freeman: For most of the day, but
Jessica Freeman: I would just
Jessica Freeman: Process of signing up for
Jessica Freeman: Like you know my chart and access and all this stuff so that we could do the virtual clinic. So today, when I'm done this. I'm going to do my meeting with all my
Jessica Freeman: People from my end hunger.
Jessica Freeman: And at 10 until 11 where you a virtual clinic.
Jessica Freeman: I think he needs and I could give him some airdrops but it's like I have, I have lots of results with that because he's he's had constant ear infections, his whole life, but we need to get your
Jessica Freeman: Your hand.
Jessica Freeman: Let me get your hot time
Jessica Freeman: So a little chilly.
Jessica Freeman: Anyway, so he's just, he's been a handful and I've had to give them motoring pretty much every, you know, four to six hours.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: So it's been a rough week in that respect.
Jessica Freeman: It's still
Jessica Freeman: Sorry. He wants
Jessica Freeman: Me sweat shirt will be all good.
Jessica Freeman: Anyway,
Jessica Freeman: No else nobody else is going on. I will say that
Jessica Freeman: group therapy.
Jessica Freeman: Kind of kind of feels like such a waste of time. You know, I've done the whole thing. Like I graduated, group therapy, a long time ago and I don't like doing it you know most of the people that are in my group look like they just got out of prison.
Jessica Freeman: We got a new girl last night and I was like, are you kidding me, she's like dumb as a box of rocks and she looked like one of the Real Housewives of wherever so fake. You know,
Jessica Freeman: I feel like it's such a waste of time. No offense, I feel, I feel like our sessions are good.
Jessica Freeman: But I don't like group therapy don't like that.
Jessica Freeman: I don't have much of a poker face, and I'm sure they see me rolling my eyes and given them looks and I turn off my video but I know like, hey, turn your video back on.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I liked Dr element Dominique Is a little to
Jessica Freeman: yoga, meditation, deep breathing bullshit for me.
Jessica Freeman: Little to
Jessica Freeman: What's the word I'm looking for.
Jessica Freeman: crunchy granola.
Just
Jessica Freeman: Just, I mean, she's nice but
Jessica Freeman: Like the person that I didn't like before, Nat. The one who would just go on and on and dominate the entire meeting. So he's gone now, because he like moved to Florida, and that's cool you girl started last night, I was like, Oh, no.
Jessica Freeman: We traded one out and we got one in
Jessica Freeman: It's just such I just don't feel like I need to do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I've been waiting for. What do you guys do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In your group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you guys. Well, we start with the medical check in.
Jessica Freeman: And after that, Dominique has a stew like mindfulness or we breathe and like, think of our spine as a tree trunk.
Jessica Freeman: You know, some bullshit. I go along with it. I do, I do. I try to keep an open mind, but just between you and me.
Jessica Freeman: It's not my thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now, you're the
Jessica Freeman: Hokey Pokey
Jessica Freeman: And then she'll ask questions. Question and like last night. It was like
Jessica Freeman: The personal check in that everybody had to do was
Jessica Freeman: Sorry think Brock was like, mentally, physically, emotionally, where are you
Jessica Freeman: So, you know, and nobody ever wants to talk. So I'll talk. Obviously, I like to talk
Jessica Freeman: And so I'm like, mentally, I feel soft
Jessica Freeman: I feel
Jessica Freeman: Like, I need a challenge.
Jessica Freeman: And then physically like I'm good. I'm healthy. But, you know, the group is pretty late at night. So by the time it comes along. I'm like, I'm ready to like it's literally bed time
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: And then emotionally
Jessica Freeman: I, what did I say
Jessica Freeman: I don't remember what I said, but I think it's like I'm conflicted this what I said I'm conflicted between like I'm hopeful because we're all talking about reopening
Jessica Freeman: But I also I'm watching the news, I'm hearing what our governor has to say I'm reading about these phases and I just feel like it's going to take a really long time.
Jessica Freeman: Long time
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Honestly, I kind of like being at home, you know, not having to worry about working it's
Jessica Freeman: Really nice.
Jessica Freeman: It frees me up to pay more attention to my kid and you know do some things with him that I normally wouldn't get a chance to do, which is really cool. I like this it's quality time. I just wish that we could break it up with like, Oh, we're going to go to the aquarium today or
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, we're gonna go to the park today and we can't do anything that's What's hard about it. I love being home with him. I'm fine with not working, and I've got money right now, which I'm trying
Jessica Freeman: To blow through but I'm doing good at that. I'm really smart with my money so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Jessica Freeman: Going off camera for a moment.
Jessica Freeman: But I'm still hearing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any word from your bosses.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: anywhere, any word from your bosses from your work. We can't
Jessica Freeman: Know they said they were going to
Jessica Freeman: Check in with me every week, but they're not which honestly is fine with me because I don't have anything to say.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, me and my point really clear unless until I have somewhere for him to go so that I can work again.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Someplace for him to go that he's happy at
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That it doesn't disrupt him. Right, right.
Jessica Freeman: Like school I am to go back to school. That's what I need.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any idea when they are planning on letting know next year. No school this year.
Jessica Freeman: Well, um, he's like enrolled and APS and he's getting the online classes and we're going to continue to do that through the end of the school year. And if we get to phase two by June 1 then he'll be able to go for the month of June, you know, part time like
Jessica Freeman: I have three hours a day to this social communication class slash developmental preschool and they're talking about putting him in kindergarten next year. And I don't think he's ready for that we're about to have the third IEP meeting.
Jessica Freeman: Since I moved here in January three,
Three is a lot.
Jessica Freeman: But it's to talk about the kindergarten transition. I don't think he's ready, especially with a break or he's had no services and no school like I don't think he's he's ready to go to kindergarten.
He said,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you keep them from going
Jessica Freeman: I don't know what my options are. But will I really hope that he can go in person to this class in June. I think I'll be a big, big help.
Jessica Freeman: And then, yeah, he'll go back to school at the first of the year. And I think that he should stay in the social communication class.
Mm hmm.
Jessica Freeman: So yeah, how to communicate in a classroom setting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Jessica Freeman: They use a lot of pecs and pictures and they have like the kids, whether or not they speak, they have to communicate what they want.
Jessica Freeman: So like if they want to play with, blah, blah, blah. They get the picture. They take it to the teacher.
Jessica Freeman: And then they can play with it, like they can't just go grab anything like they have to communicate what they want and they talk about feelings and they talk about weather and the date and things that we don't really talk about here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, so it's good for him.
Jessica Freeman: I think a good solid year of that would be would prepare him for kindergarten.
Right.
Jessica Freeman: I'm sure I mean they'll do what i i'm sure that if I say I don't want him to go to kindergarten yet. Then, though.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, cooperate, they have to. He's not ready.
Jessica Freeman: Right, especially if you look at the report from all the evaluations that they did on him. They're saying he's cognitively below two years old and first of all that bullshit.
Jessica Freeman: But surely that's enough to
Jessica Freeman: Keep him back.
Right.
Jessica Freeman: Not right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So when is it
Jessica Freeman: When what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you're meeting.
Jessica Freeman: My a meaning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your i mean
Jessica Freeman: This may something on my calendar.
Jessica Freeman: Me 12 maybe
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How is he getting a lot doing in a zoom in his school. I mean, is he doing okay.
Jessica Freeman: He's getting better at it, the more we do it.
Jessica Freeman: We did it all last week, except for Monday. So Tuesday through Friday. And then we did it. We had speech.
Jessica Freeman: Yesterday morning and then we did school yesterday at noon. We're off today because the teacher has an IEP meeting and can't do the special class for him.
Jessica Freeman: So he'll have speech tomorrow morning. And then he'll have speech class at noon and then we're going to try to hook them up with
Jessica Freeman: The rest of the classroom on
Jessica Freeman: On
Jessica Freeman: Monday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cool, cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's good stuff.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, and also the
Jessica Freeman: APS
Jessica Freeman: Like the his, his teacher and some of the other developmental preschool teachers have like videos and online activities.
Jessica Freeman: I haven't done that yet.
Jessica Freeman: Because we just been kind of getting used to what we're doing. And he's been
Jessica Freeman: Just, you know, yeah. Great.
Jessica Freeman: But I'm going to dig into that you know i'm i'm not sure about today. But between now and Monday. I'm going to get on the site. And, you know, find videos of his teachers so that he can get more used to her.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, the activities and try to do that. And I went to the store and I got all the crafty stuff that was on the teachers list. So we can do stuff at home. So I'm going to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good.
Jessica Freeman: And the fact that I don't have to worry about working makes it so much less stressful.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah, we're on the same page there. I was thinking the same thing. You know, I was about ready to say it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just the fact that you're able to be present and be there, you know, and work with him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is, you know, is huge for him, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, he's starting to get really, really attached like he wants to sleep with me. He doesn't want to be away from me ever which
Jessica Freeman: I'm, I'm going to hold my ground on this. You're not going to sleep with you can sleep in your own bed. I know about that problem. We are not going to start that problem.
Jessica Freeman: But he's he's really really attached
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're is number one. Of course he is.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely.
Jessica Freeman: I just have to stand firm like, you know, mommy needs time. I mean needs her own bed mommy needs time away like it just is what it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, because once you start it. Oh my gosh, it's so hard to break that habit when you get a going
Jessica Freeman: You know, I know.
Jessica Freeman: With my older son Brendan. Speaking of Brendan
Jessica Freeman: The have their house sold and they bought a new house in Texas and they are closing both properties on May 22 So Brendan will be living in Plano, Texas, which is near Dallas beginning at the end of May.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That happened fast.
Jessica Freeman: Well, when Scott puts his mind to something
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Happens fast.
Jessica Freeman: He will force it. He's not like a, you know, let's let the universe, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Give us a sign or, you know, listen for any sort of leading or, you know, no higher power Scott is
Jessica Freeman: The God of all eternity in his own mind.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know a few of them.
Jessica Freeman: And I fucking hate him.
Jessica Freeman: I hate him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Gotta kill them with kindness.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, we're cool. Last thing. I mean, that's what I do. Took me a long time to learn that I used to let him push my buttons.
Jessica Freeman: But I don't have any buttons left when it comes to him.
Jessica Freeman: A long time and worse for 15 years
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, a long time.
It is
Jessica Freeman: But yeah everything's good on that front. Brendan, spend some time with us here in Albuquerque. And once he gets settled in Texas, and he wants to finish school
Jessica Freeman: At his current high school online, which is an option, which I think is a great idea.
Jessica Freeman: Because yeah, I think you could do really well with online school
Jessica Freeman: Send your computer games.
Jessica Freeman: And it'll take away the, the social bullshit that you know that I fear for him switching schools all his credits. You know, there's not gonna be any issues with his credits and then maybe even he can fly back and like do commencement with his friends, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I think it's a great idea.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: But I'm actually Scott's the box. And if I like it. He'll probably do the opposite.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I hope you let him do it. You know, but I mean, that gives him closure with his friends that he can. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't be let them do it.
Jessica Freeman: I do too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Especially since this virtual there's no reason why he shouldn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To cross fingers.
Jessica Freeman: Well, he's just such a petty fucker. Like, you know, he knows that I'm in support of it and he would probably say no. Just despite me, you know, damn, the consequences for Brendan, you know, it's all about Scott getting his little digs in that's how he is. That's the kind of human being he is
That's crazy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's not fair, you know, to your son.
Jessica Freeman: At all. Never been fair to our son.
Never
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I wonder if he'll ever, you know, be aware of that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He is how to change it, you know.
Jessica Freeman: Oh, you mean Scott or Brendan
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Scott
Jessica Freeman: I've pointed it out to Scott. I think he's fully aware. I think he just doesn't know he doesn't have the coping skills. He doesn't have the emotional maturity to process it and do anything about it. Or maybe he just, you know, just just despite me, you know, just
Jessica Freeman: Hate him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I get that.
Jessica Freeman: You laugh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I do because I exactly i you know exactly how you feel and exactly what
Jessica Freeman: Maybe I can't stay inside
Jessica Freeman: That one.
Jessica Freeman: But the iPad stays in
Oh,
Jessica Freeman: Price. It's not damaged.
Jessica Freeman: He's had it out there for a little bit and I didn't realize
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is he playing with it in the dirt.
Jessica Freeman: Well, he likes to go sit in this storm drain and drag his cars around in the dirt. So yeah, it's got a little
Jessica Freeman: It's not the worst thing that's been on there. Let me tell you.
Jessica Freeman: He's gross. He's super gross.
Jessica Freeman: Is messy, man.
Jessica Freeman: What a gorgeous day. Did you know it's shitty in Indianapolis right now.
Jessica Freeman: Super O'Shea is like 48 degrees and rain and clouds.
East Coast weathers
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like you can keep it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Honey, I'll keep my son. It's all right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I love it here. Oh, sorry for you.
Jessica Freeman: I like to pose you yeah I'd be like, Oh, here's the weather forecast.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, we're getting any remarks back from your peeps.
Jessica Freeman: Well, not do it too often because you know like I was when I lived there. And I would see people post about the weather and other places. And I go, like, asshole.
Jessica Freeman: You know, so I try not to get too big of an asshole.
Jessica Freeman: But, you know, like, I'll post pictures of the mountains and like sunset over the mountains and like the bright blue sky, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I'll just post it and I'll be like, may I never take this beauty around me.
Jessica Freeman: I was a crane.
Jessica Freeman: Me. I never take it for granted kind of
Jessica Freeman: You know,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah. And Alec some poppies. I'll get up in my, in my grandma front yard.
Jessica Freeman: And like we shipped back in me. I never seen that in my life was like
Jessica Freeman: So many little wild flowers that pop up and just the vegetation is so different here and it's just so fun. So when I see stuff like that. I'll post them, be like, check out this crazy little flower that popped up in my yard.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In that fun. It's fun to be able to be, you know what I mean, to be present and to see these things that are all new you know I
Jessica Freeman: love it here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's definitely a big world with a lot of differences, that's for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How you been,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On your list.
Jessica Freeman: Let me grab it and we will
Jessica Freeman: Go over it.
Jessica Freeman: So I've been better about structuring the time definitely been better about that. I'm with his classes.
Jessica Freeman: Right.
Jessica Freeman: Like a lot different timeframes for different things, you know,
Jessica Freeman: It's, it's better. It's better than it was. And then he
Jessica Freeman: Okay. Okay. Stay connected. I'm totally connected I BE GOING TO MY at every day. And I talked to several friends this week that I hadn't talked to in a while and it kind of bums me out, though, because, you know, not everybody is doing as great as I am.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, and it's hard.
Jessica Freeman: Because I don't know what to say. I'm like, Well, you know, keep doing the next right thing but I am proof that it gets better. Just don't don't give up.
Jessica Freeman: Right, and then like ketones. Dad, I'm trying to be friendly to his dumb ass because he's got it. Okay, so he had like a knee replacement surgery.
Jessica Freeman: This past year, and he was off work for 10 months and didn't pay any child support.
Uh huh.
Jessica Freeman: And it's like he's had these problems, as long as I have known him he's had these problems, and he just wouldn't go through the process of like getting health insurance and
Jessica Freeman: And going to get, you know, seeing and be proactive about his health. He just, he's in bad bad shape. He's got like stomach problems and problems me problem, you name it. The fuckers. Got it. Okay. Only 28 or 27 or 28 done, man. But anyway.
Jessica Freeman: So I guess now he had just gotten back to work, you starting to feel okay about himself and then coven hits and now he's like
Jessica Freeman: I'm
Jessica Freeman: Like back into depression and now he has a hernia and he needs surgery.
But he bought
Jessica Freeman: Me. He's like this thing keeps moving up and I have to keep pushing it back down. I'm like, dude, you need to go to the doctor.
Jessica Freeman: Exhausting. So I'm trying to not be so hard on him and just like just be
Jessica Freeman: proud of him for every small step that he makes
Jessica Freeman: You know, just kind of reinforcing the positive
Jessica Freeman: Right, instead of the negative
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stuff.
Jessica Freeman: Because he's so fucking stupid.
Jessica Freeman: Reach out be thoughtful. I bought a car. I haven't put it in the mail yet, but it's like I've got your back. Kind of hard
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nice.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, um,
Jessica Freeman: And
Jessica Freeman: being thoughtful.
Jessica Freeman: I did put some birthdays on my calendar so I won't miss on that's awful.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good. Okay.
Jessica Freeman: One meeting a day. I'm doing that, except on weekends.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just good
Jessica Freeman: Okay, build calendar no excuses. Like I said, have already made progress on that.
Jessica Freeman: Self care slash shopping
Jessica Freeman: Little bit, yeah. Three new pairs of shoes and my air pods like only the left hand was working. So I shopped around and I found the best deal on second generation air pods and I bought
Jessica Freeman: And I
Jessica Freeman: I bought
Jessica Freeman: I bought I bought enough stuff to be like okay
Jessica Freeman: Oh, I have a new swimsuit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what I was gonna ask you because that was one of the things you said you needed
Jessica Freeman: Yep, new swimsuit and the cute little cover up you know for lounging
Uh huh.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I
Jessica Freeman: Three pairs of shoes.
Jessica Freeman: Um,
Jessica Freeman: I don't know, I think, oh, I bought some stuff on Etsy. Oh, and this goes into the thoughtful part I bought Mother's Day gifts in advance. So, and they're like personalized. Okay, so this is awesome. I'm such a good gift giver.
Jessica Freeman: When I put the time and the thought into it. Like it doesn't even have to be expensive, but like, I'm a good gift givers.
Jessica Freeman: So for Nana be which is his original great grandmother in Michigan and also for his Grammy who is his paternal grandmother in Michigan Julian BB
Jessica Freeman: Oh,
Jessica Freeman: I got the same gift I got pink socks.
Jessica Freeman: But say best Grammy ever and
Ever
Jessica Freeman: And they have like a picture of kin, like literally cans head cut out and he's got his little tongue sticking out.
Jessica Freeman: At least one face is like all over the socks and it says best
Jessica Freeman: Nana EVER BEST Grammy ever they're gonna love it.
Jessica Freeman: And then I had a couple things for my mom.
Jessica Freeman: And I also sent a gift to my people who are going through hard times in India ones that I was talking about that just aren't doing very well and it's, it's, um, let's see. Both of them are same gift, but they have different quotes on them. So the one for my friends, I said.
Jessica Freeman: It has, it has a candle like a white t candle, and it has a little three inch succulent
Jessica Freeman: My life would suck without you as UCC
Circular. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: That's actually showing right now. And then for my mom. It's the same thing, except I got a lavender candle and the three inch succulent and the quote is all that I am I, oh, to my mother or something is by Abraham Lincoln.
Jessica Freeman: Something like that. But that's for my mom for Mother's Day, and I got her a poem
Jessica Freeman: That's like personalized and it has you know her name on it, my name on it in the poem, and it has this really pretty tree, against the background that I got to pick and then the color of the of the leaves are like to anyway. So that's a personalized mother's gift for Mommy.
Nice.
Jessica Freeman: Mother's Day. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah you did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very, very much so.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Job.
Jessica Freeman: The last thing was mini vacation plan and I have not done that because I'm not sure if I want to commit to spending the money.
Jessica Freeman: Until I know whether or not, unemployment is coming through, or if that you know tax paying for my student loans, if that money is going to come through. I'm going to wait on that plan.
Jessica Freeman: To see if I'm going to be like financially solvent enough to do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you get your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The monies from the government.
Jessica Freeman: I did. Okay, good. I got a 50 $600 federal tax return a $500 state tax return 1700 dollars for the stimulus.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Jessica Freeman: A lot of money but
Jessica Freeman: Mom and Bob
Jessica Freeman: It catches me up and it takes me out through the end of May. I don't have any bills with mom and Bob and that's the car, the House utilities. That's all of that.
Jessica Freeman: Right, I paid up on Comcast and I paid up on car insurance.
Jessica Freeman: And now I have about three grand left. So I'm not doing much with it. I have six wait $500 left in food stamps, no, that's cool. I know.
Jessica Freeman: Um. Yeah, so I mean I'm just kind of like okay let's chill on the money. And then I'd really like to open up a savings account and put like 2000 of those dollars in that savings account.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, and then just have 1000 or whatever. But I will also come in, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Because right now. Nothing else is coming in as far as like wages.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, so when you need to find out.
Jessica Freeman: And I can't get through the unemployment, I have called 50 times a day for the last two weeks to let them know you know my circumstances have changed. I'm not working 12 hours a week, I'm working zero hours.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I don't know what I need to do. Maybe file, a new claim and then let them sort it out on there and I don't know but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know. I know that you know they're overwhelmed. I know that people have been having a tough time getting in touch with somebody you know
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you just got to be diligent
Jessica Freeman: Man.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't give up.
Jessica Freeman: It's not like they like you go through the whole auto call process. And then, you know, after all the options. You can't leave a voicemail, you can't sit on hold. You can't request a callback. They just like hey we're busy with other callers try again later click
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Click. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like that was several companies, I'm noticing to, you know, sorry. You know, we can't help you. Right now, or we have limited hours. You know what I mean. Top of stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No way to leave a voicemail. I kind of feel like that's like really cutting, especially with small businesses or businesses, that's kind of like cutting business form, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I've been able to have that contact to be able to call back
Jessica Freeman: My little boy.
Jessica Freeman: And you take my dog to the vet my little boy needs to be seen by a doctor and these are the things that would normally be no big deal. But right now, that's like super stressful.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I wonder, Edison.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This doctor virtual doctor. Is he a local doctor is he, his primary care or is it just one through
Jessica Freeman: What do you dream on
Jessica Freeman: The virtual oh
Jessica Freeman: Are you getting crazy virtual clinic through Presbyterian health care services. So there's hospital and they have urgent care and they have, you know, women's medicine and this whole big network and we were insured through that so
Jessica Freeman: I went through the whole process of getting everything online so that I can get a virtual visit so we can have, you know, like this. Yeah, with a doctor and I'm told that they can prescribe you know without seeing in person.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: But they don't have any of his charts, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Ketosis charts, Indiana.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, they got a request his records.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely.
Well,
Jessica Freeman: Is he needs antibiotics.
Jessica Freeman: We
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Had a lot of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A lot of stuff coming out of his ear.
Jessica Freeman: gross stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what those drains are for is to help to where they, you know, there's no build up behind that your drum so that it's able to come out right.
Jessica Freeman: Well, I think that the other one might have come out and that's what the problem is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How long ago did he give it give them in
Jessica Freeman: December of 2017
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Time, maybe. Yeah. Maybe they work their way out. It's worked its way out.
Jessica Freeman: I know one has last time you had is yours. Check. He only had one left. So I'm thinking that the other one came out and that's
Jessica Freeman: Maybe I need to take him to an EMT again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: haven't checked out and looked at
Jessica Freeman: Maybe he needs more tubes bigger tubes. I don't know.
Jessica Freeman: It's just not a great time for this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, absolutely not. Right now, when there's no hands on nothing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At all.
Jessica Freeman: And I don't want to expose him to anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Jessica Freeman: Because he gets sick really easily and I read a story about a five year old girl that died from the CO good
Jessica Freeman: Years old.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's it you know little kids are vulnerable. You know what I mean their immune system isn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 100% bill, it's building, but it's not 100% so
Jessica Freeman: He's just really prone to respiratory problems.
Jessica Freeman: He always has been said croup. Twice he said so many ear infections like I lost count. And he's had sinus infections and respiratory issues.
Jessica Freeman: He's being so good right now I know he wants my attention.
Jessica Freeman: You would come sit with mommy can come sit with mommy.
Jessica Freeman: Mommy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now,
Jessica Freeman: He's wandering around.
Jessica Freeman: On the love sheet.
Jessica Freeman: Anyway, so that was my list.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you did good on your list.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Actually, you know,
Jessica Freeman: So yeah, why not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Because, I mean,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You should because it's important. You know what I mean. You didn't procrastinate on anything you might on top of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: handling it getting your schedule bill is huge right we get a routine, we get a schedule, we get a routine. We start, you know, living by that routine, which makes it better. There's a structure, you know, and you know that when you go back to work. All of that is going to have to be altered.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And changed a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's going to take an adjustment. You know, when you go back to when you go back to work. And when he goes to school. You know what I mean going to be different. Being in the house for a few months, and then having, you know, having to go back to work is going to suck.
Jessica Freeman: Oh man, I know, because you know I lived in that RECOVERY HOUSE AND like I didn't have any support.
Jessica Freeman: I had good jobs. I had to ride the bus. I had to get like find a place to live. You know, all that stuff without help. AFTER THE RECOVERY HOUSE AND I bootstrapped my way out of the gutter and made shit happen you know on my own. I did it all on my own all of it.
Jessica Freeman: So I know what's up man. I know it's not easy being not working.
Jessica Freeman: Anytime you're, you're not working. It's an adjustment to go back to work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Very much so. It is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Especially getting up and leaving the house and you know what I mean. You don't want to leave the house but you know you gotta leave the house and it's just you know it's tough.
Jessica Freeman: Cold
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At least it's not cold. That's right, at least, you don't have to go outside the rain.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: makes a big difference.
Jessica Freeman: Really knows
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Makes a difference on what shoes you wear makes a difference on white clothes, which
Jessica Freeman: Makes you have to shave your legs.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Very much so. Which is, okay, when you've got beautiful weather outside. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, you. The, the motivation and the drive to be okay with you know having to do those those things pretty amazing. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: And you get to that, you know, where cute dresses and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: So off your pedicure
Jessica Freeman: wait to get my nails done. I can't even
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know I can't wait to get a pedicure, I am so ready.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This having to do it myself, is just utter bullshit.
Jessica Freeman: Oh, I agree. And the last pedicure I got was a gel pedicure yeah so
Jessica Freeman: He gets that shut off my toes is just gonna have to grow out
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, unless you have a little Dremel, then you can Dremel it off but
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I don't have
Jessica Freeman: To sell those are good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know if they do, they I'm sure they do.
Jessica Freeman: Is it target you can order stuff and then they'll at least our target and
Jessica Freeman: You can order stuff online and then they'll bring you drive up and they'll bring it out to you and it's ready in like, you know, they say four hours, but usually it's like two or three
Jessica Freeman: I place to target order last night that's ready and we're going to go pick it up at some point today when we feel like leaving the house, but that's really convenient like
Jessica Freeman: I can do one thing, like I had to order dry erase markers for the class just one thing and go and pick it up.
Jessica Freeman: And, you know, grocery stores, it's more complicated that you have to order like a week out, you know, and then they might not have it like I did it. I did a pickup order at Smiths.
Jessica Freeman: And it was I put it on, on a Thursday, and then it wasn't going to be ready until Tuesday, which is fine. I plan for that, but then when I went even have half the shit that I ordered it was like I waited all this time and I didn't even get what I needed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's crazy. You know, I, I do the same thing. It's Instacart. I do it for my daughter, my 16 year old daughter lives in Oregon.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, she keeps complaining about not having the food she likes at her dad's house. And so I'll go to Safeway.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because safeways right down the road from their house and all do the same thing. I will go in. I'll order her food and I can have it as long as I do it in the daytime. I can have it delivered to her within two hours.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nice. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Hmm. Cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That makes it you know makes a big big big difference for sure, but I've noticed that you know what they'll do is they'll say, Okay, this is what you ordered and if they don't have that, you know, this is the equivalent. Are you willing to trade, you know,
Jessica Freeman: The thing is with kin. You cannot substitute. He's only going to eat exactly what it
Jessica Freeman: Is
Jessica Freeman: And that's all. So no substitutions. So problem.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: He's got even after the motor. Nice.
Jessica Freeman: We're going to get that you checked out buddy. We're going to get you some medicine.
Jessica Freeman: You want to say
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Isn't it kind of kids are amazing, because even with him not feeling good. You know what I mean. And don't not knowing the level of how he doesn't feel good. He's still is just. He goes, you know, if it were, you and I, we'd be like, laying on the couch. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I was sick, not that long ago it was
Jessica Freeman: Like late January, early February.
Jessica Freeman: I was really sick.
Jessica Freeman: Maybe I had to cope it and I just didn't know it. I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe, maybe you got over it. Maybe it ran its course and you got better.
Jessica Freeman: They said it was a virus. They said I wasn't contagious. No way. Not a virus, they said it was
Jessica Freeman: a sinus infection.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
Jessica Freeman: Anyway, I was sick for like two weeks. But then I got better.
Jessica Freeman: You will take a bath leader, babe. I don't really want water in your ears right now. Okay, we'll take a bath tonight. Oh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just got a good coffee.
Jessica Freeman: Nice.
Jessica Freeman: Coffee. Well, it's earlier there. What's not even nine there we've been up
Jessica Freeman: Yeah 530 your time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Holy cow, really.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, he just he gets out becomes and gets in bed with me and we snuggle and he's noisy and it kicks me in the bladder them up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then you're a
Jessica Freeman: Great routine like not having to go to school and work. I really enjoy a key gets up and then we have our little bedtime snuggle fast until kicks me enough times
Jessica Freeman: And he will have to
Jessica Freeman: Well, feel free to play in the top
Okay, cool.
Jessica Freeman: guy. He's like every time he gets on
Jessica Freeman: Here I can't get her.
Jessica Freeman: Attention.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I lost your voice for a minute.
Jessica Freeman: Your. Can you hear me now.
Jessica Freeman: Can you hear me now.
Jessica Freeman: No.
Jessica Freeman: Oh,
Jessica Freeman: Hello.
Jessica Freeman: Hello, I
Jessica Freeman: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You there.
Jessica Freeman: I'm here. Can you hear me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I lost you for a minute.
Jessica Freeman: That's weird. Can you hear me now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Can you hear me okay. Okay, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you hear me.
Jessica Freeman: I can hear you. Can you hear me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kenny. Okay. Yep. Now I can
Weird
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A does it sometimes because I think zooms a little overwhelmed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so I i keep, you know, once in a while it's still been doing pretty good. But once in a while it goes in and out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me some of the things that you want to put on your list for this week.
Jessica Freeman: All right, let me grab my he's trying to get
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Us ready for a bath, Mom.
Jessica Freeman: We're not going to do with that because I know he's gonna want to play outside, and it's still a little chilly. And I don't want. Why is he now had combination
Jessica Freeman: I've got my pen and paper. Okay.
Okay.
Jessica Freeman: So what do I want to put
Jessica Freeman: Nobody else honey. We can't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Worry, it's okay.
Jessica Freeman: Just one min is what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I bet you could
Jessica Freeman: Walk.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would i'm i'm a water person.
Jessica Freeman: I would
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't help it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It'll help with this fever to
Jessica Freeman: I will give you a bath. If you let me finish this call first. Okay. Can you give me five minutes, we'll do about five minutes. Okay.
Jessica Freeman: Five minutes it will do that. You know I never really know how much he understands or not.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: But just hang on. Maybe we'll do a bath in just a little bit. Okay.
Jessica Freeman: Can you just can you just give me, give me a little bit. Okay. And then we'll do a bath.
Jessica Freeman: Want to finish this call first because the waters really loud.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that a will help with this fever right and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you have any earplugs.
Jessica Freeman: He wouldn't let me put that kind of thing is your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, no, run.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That would help not keep watering. But yeah, if he kept his head from, you know, getting wet.
Jessica Freeman: As long as I don't wash his hair, you should be fine. He'll just sit in there and play which is play
Jessica Freeman: Okay, so
Jessica Freeman: Let me get my pen.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you want to keep saying connected
Jessica Freeman: Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Continue reaching out to your friends that are suffering.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that are struggling and, you know, there's really nothing that you can say to them, that's going to change their situation, except supporting them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Letting them know you know that you're there that you need to communicate if they need to talk.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and reminding them and recovery to begin with. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know experience strength and hope. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's what you have to offer for them is, is that piece is that supportive piece and you know when you call them and check in with them. It helps them feel that they matter, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That they're important.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And especially if you've known them throughout your recovery. You know what I mean, it's like, you know, they were important at one point for your recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how that fit, fit into your, you know, your progress in your process through your recovery. And what you're doing is you're giving that back to them and showing them that they matter to you to, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I think they'll love their gift when they get it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that's really, really cool that you did that, you know, I know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is definitely thoughtful.
Jessica Freeman: I hope they like it.
Jessica Freeman: Okay, stay connected reach out be supportive continue with the meetings. I mean, I'm
Jessica Freeman: I'm giving myself a break on the weekends.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is good, you know, you put into your putting in all this work. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As long as you're not struggling with triggers and with cravings and with you know that other part of your brain coming to live on the weekends. When you're not active in your recovery, then you know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Give yourself that break like by all means, you know, definitely. But if that starts happening, then you want to, you know, you want to engage on the weekends. You know what I mean, you know,
Jessica Freeman: I want to do more music and less TV.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a great idea. Dance it out.
Jessica Freeman: Right. It's really music as so much for just emotional release some
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Physical even, you know what I mean when you're dancing it out or you're, you're, like, everything is alive.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You feel everything inside alive.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, maybe I'm totally. I want to make a to do list of stuff I need to make it to do list as I have a million little things that I need to do. So if I started the list and just add to it whenever I think of it.
Jessica Freeman: Then I can start
Jessica Freeman: down the list so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a good idea.
To do.
Jessica Freeman: I don't have to do the list. I just need to make the list.
Yes.
Jessica Freeman: Sir, working on it is then having it in front of me is going to motivate me to get it done.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A bunch of little things like even little abundant a bunch of little things can feel overwhelming it till you start doing one at a time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then all of a sudden they don't feel so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm waiting for this.
Jessica Freeman: That's why you this list.
Jessica Freeman: Um, I don't know, I feel like that's a good list.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that's a great list and you've got, you know, can school and you've got, you know, your meeting that you're going to every day. You've got a lot that's going on on a regular basis. You know what I mean.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, it's good.
Jessica Freeman: Um, yeah, absolutely content.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To Life is good.
Jessica Freeman: Honestly, it's a freaking miracle.
Jessica Freeman: Where I am today.
Jessica Freeman: As opposed to where I was and you didn't know me back then.
Jessica Freeman: My
Jessica Freeman: A different person. Rebecca, you wouldn't even recognize me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I believe that
Jessica Freeman: Needs to act out a lot.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I believe that, you know, definitely we becomes other people, you know, our worst traits come out in our addiction.
Jessica Freeman: Oh, that is so true. And that's how I lived like my whole life, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, hi.
Jessica Freeman: Say hi.
Good Ty.
Jessica Freeman: Baby
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you going to take a bath.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, I like your iPad, but he got on there. That is really cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Nothing major, major shorts from cars, Major, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah. Blue Moon.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I love cars.
I do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you
Jessica Freeman: Have an awesome week and I'll see you. Same bat time same bat channel.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, ma'am. We will be here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thanks for you. Have fun.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Liking in
Your by
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your
Bath.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Have a great week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You soon. Okay, bye.